Will it strike like a bolt of lightning? Perhaps this intellectual dismemberment of the materialist paradigm is the equivalent of climbing to the top of a mountain in the middle of a lightning storm and holding a 50ft metal pole up in the air. I'm not directly causing myself to get struck by the lightning, rather I'm situating myself perfectly so that IF the lightning does strike, I'll be there to receive it. It's not that I'm going to do it, instead I'm going to receive it, a gift perhaps from my self in a higher state.

Will it come like a lucid dream? Perhaps all that's required is for me to simply look around and suddenly realized "I'm in a dream, this whole thing was just a dream, nothing has ever not been a dream". It will come in an instant, it will happen not in time or space but in a moment of realization. I'll become lucid in the waking dream.

Will it come like the opening of a flower? The thousand petaled lotus opens in the morning sunshine, spreads its fragrance to the wind, dances with the ripples and the tides. Has my journey thus far, arising from the mud and the darkness of humanity simply reflected the lotus' journey out of the pond. Although I come from deep below the surface, perhaps my destiny was always to float and dance on the water, transcending the mud and chaos below.

Or will it come gradually, like the changing of the seasons? As winter moves into spring moves into summer, perhaps one day I'll wake up and the spring winds will simply greet me, nothing drastic, nothing out of the ordinary, I'll wake up and just know that I am alone, that I am fundamental, that I don't need to define myself by some "physical" process. That atoms, molecules, neurons, brains, computers, logic, reason, color, light, music, love, sex, compassion, anger, joy,... that all of these things come FROM me, not the other way around. That these things exist BECAUSE of me, not the other other way around. That ultimately I am not made out of material, but that I am the very fabric through which material takes shape.

Or perhaps in writing this, ill realize that I was never writing to anyone at all, I was writing to myself. Ill realize that I've split myself into a trillion pieces only so that I could find my way back together. Only so that I could see myself in all my majesty, all my terror, all my joy, all my silence.

I think I see it now. I am alone. I am everything and nothing. I AM
